how's it going guys hara here and
welcome back to pink slips today we have
got team edit season check he's worth
around 260 k so definitely not someone I
want to be giving away
we've also put him in possibly the
sweatiest team you can build so if I
lose I'll be very disappointed if you
want to be in with the chance of playing
me for the series that make sure you
follow me on twitter I'll be tweeting
out who wants a game and you might stand
a chance of playing me and also this
series is sponsored by Alma coin store
they are by far the cheapest place to
buy coins you can find their link at the
top of the description ah
that's all either way let's get started
I better not lose right we've got an
opponent and they have got a three for
three kind of pace kind of sweat team
not what I expected if I'm honest so I
don't know really well what the no long
shot bang huh oh I got in I thought I
got in Jesus Christ
wow that dipped like a
come on Elia Nagini spin again Oh double
done oh oh oh
I am the best killer in the world
FIFA Reilly eat your own penis that was
such a good goal okay a halftime as you
can see I am absolutely dominating the
stats so if I lose this game um I will I
will rage so hard that you will not even
believe it come on Shakira Shakira
Shakira oh baby when you wore like that
you make a woman go mad
Sophie alright and something something -
something of something I need to school
because I'm only one nil up and I want
to score some more goals
so don't concede and don't lose on the
counter-attack
oh come on let's go one two oh come on
we're in come on boys oh oh oh what oh
you've got to be me
how did he get that ah let's go come on
Oh what what kind of touch was that are
you off your head oh oh come on oh but
but yes yes yes oh yes that was so jammy
that was so jammy oh I feel bad for the
guy that was so jammy but you know what
we'll take it any goals a goal from the
corner easy goal oh oh yes I was right
two minutes later we are taking a two
goal lead yes oh yes this game is in the
bag now come on Shakira Shakira Shakira
this is going very well
oh that's a lovely pass and play let's
go
come on Elia finish it off oh my days
that was such a good tackle fair play to
the guy come on brother whistle that's
what I'm talking about we have not lost
again for two games in a row yes okay
then Pat check you are staying in my
club you're not going to someone else
thank God for that
that's it for this episode hope you
enjoyed if you have don't forget to drop
a like it means a lot and yeah I'll see
you guys next time
hey guys I'm recording this at about 3
o'clock in the morning which is why I'm
whispering
but basically let me know in the
comments which team of the season player
you want to see me use next and yeah
that's about it I need to go to bed now
so and bye